Hey, I think you are, huh?
Woken up over here and just interrupting us like that.
Oh, and it's okay, no.
This is Henry.
He is the partner at the hotel.
Henry, this is my friend.
Friend.
So this is your next target.
Hey, hey.
Can you show us some respect?
I think you are, huh?
I grew up with Sarah.
Our relationship has nothing to do with you.
All right, Henry, why don't you just back off?
Okay, you're not being very nice.
Me.
Look, I'm done with this.
Sarah, we're only late for dinner.
Let's go.
Henry, you asked to see me?
I figured out the leaked photo incident.
It was Jones.
I can't believe he would do such a thing.
How about we get some dinner?
Yes, how could I refuse?